Groundwater is water that's stored underground in saturated zones beneath the Earth's surface.

The TDS is defined as the total dissolved solids (TDS) level of water is measured in parts per million (ppm): Fresh water: TDS is less than 1,000 ppmn: Brackish water: TDS is 1,000 to 10,000 ppm :Saline water: TDS is 10,000 to 35,000 ppm: Hypersaline: TDS is greater than 35,000 ppm
The water TDS full form stands for Total Dissolved Solids.

Water level is defined as the height or elevation of water above (more common) or below (less common) a user-specified point.

Water quality refers to the chemical, physical, and biological characteristics of water based on the standards of its usage. Environmental water quality, also called ambient water quality, relates to water bodies such as lakes, rivers, and oceans.

Water quality standards for surface waters vary significantly due to different environmental conditions, ecosystems, and intended human uses.
Toxic substances and high populations of certain microorganisms can present a health hazard for non-drinking purposes such as irrigation, swimming, fishing, rafting, boating, and industrial uses. 
These conditions may also affect wildlife, which use the water for drinking or as a habitat. According to the EPA, water quality laws generally specify protection of fisheries and recreational use and require, as a minimum, retention of current quality standards.
In some locations, desired water quality conditions include high dissolved oxygen concentrations, low chlorophyll-a concentrations, and high water clarity.

NOC stands for 'No Objection Certificates' for ground water extraction to industries or infrastructure projects or Mining Projects etc. Individuals can also obtain a No Objection Certificate (NOC). 

To obtain an NOC, an individual or entity usually needs to submit an application to the relevant authority or organization. The application process may vary depending on the context and jurisdiction, and it may take some time to receive the NOC.

you can get the Groundwater extract Certificate through the e-District Portal: STEP1: Go to the e-Sevai (Government of Tamil Nadu) Web Portal. STEP 2: Enter the login credentials.

On Central Ground Water Board (CGWB), it regularly publishes the reports in their websites, Here's the link https://cgwb.gov.in/
